First service in backend (#38)
Kaichou-Project/kaichou-graduation: README.md

### Backend

The backend uses [Express.js](https://expressjs.com/) as server for hosting a REST API, which is all set up inside the `src/index.ts`.
Backend also uses several other library:

- [Mongoose](https://expressjs.com/) as ODM for Mongo DB
- [cors](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cors) as enabler for CORS request

> - [morgan](https://www.npmjs.com/package/morgan) and [winston](https://www.npmjs.com/package/winston) for log any activity that happen inside backend service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backend also uses several other library:

- [Mongoose](https://expressjs.com/) as ODM for Mongo DB
- [cors](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cors) as enabler for CORS requests
- [morgan](https://www.npmjs.com/package/morgan) and [winston](https://www.npmjs.com/package/winston) for logging any activity that happens inside the backend service
```

#### Backend Folder Structure

```
backend
├───src
    ├───config
    ├───constant
    ├───controllers
    ├───middlewares
    ├───models
    │   └───schemas
    ├───services
    ├───utils
    ├───db.ts
    ├───index.ts
    ├───logger.ts
    └───route.ts
├───.env.example
├───package.json
└───tsconfig.json
```

Folders and files explanation:

- `src` => store all backend files
- `index.ts` => entry point to backend
- `logger.ts` => file for logger
- `route.ts` => place all routes here
- `db.ts` => file for MongoDB connection
- `config` => store any shared config across backend here
- `controllers` => place where you write handlers for route
- `middleware` => folder for middlewares
- `models` => folder for MongoDB models
- `schemas` => folder for MongoDB schemas

> - `services` => where you store any logic code related to data processing before it is saved or fetched to DB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `src` => stores all backend files
- `index.ts` => entry point to backend
- `logger.ts` => file for logger
- `route.ts` => place all routes here
- `db.ts` => file for MongoDB connection
- `config` => store any shared config across backend here
- `controllers` => place where you write handlers for routes
- `middleware` => folder for middlewares
- `models` => folder for MongoDB models
- `schemas` => folder for MongoDB schemas
- `services` => where you store any logic code related to data processing before it is saved or fetched to DB
```

- `utils` => folder for util functions

#### Logs

> After you start the backend server, a folder will be created automatically, namely the `logs` folder. There are 5 log files that will be created and updated as the server runs, here is the actual place where any activity logs on the backend will be recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you start the backend server, a folder will be created automatically, named the `logs` folder. There are 5 log files that will be created and updated as the server runs, here is the actual place where any activity logs on the backend will be recorded.
```

#### ENV Variables

Supposedly, env variable's name inside `package/backend/.env.example` is self explanatory. Here is more explanation of them:

- `PORT` => Backend service port
- `DEBUG` => Set to `TRUE` if you want debug messages to show, ideally in dev you set this to `TRUE` and `FALSE` in production
- `CLIENT_URL` => frontend's URL

> - `DB_URI` => mongodb connection string, [you can find the detail of it here](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/connection-string/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Env variable names inside `package/backend/.env.example` should be self explanatory. Here is more explanation of them:

- `PORT` => Backend service port
- `DEBUG` => Set to `TRUE` if you want debug messages to show, ideally in dev you set this to `TRUE` and to `FALSE` in production
- `CLIENT_URL` => frontend URL
- `DB_URI` => mongodb connection string, [you can find the details for it here](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/connection-string/)
```
